docs: improve readme (#1114)
asyncapi/modelina: README.md

npm install @asyncapi/modelina
```

## AsyncAPI CLI

> Run this command to use [Modelina as part of the AsyncAPI CLI](https://github.com/asyncapi/cli#usage):

Author: ```suggestion
If you have the [AsyncAPI CLI installed](https://github.com/asyncapi/cli#installation), you can run the following command to use [Modelina](https://github.com/asyncapi/cli#usage):
```

```bash
asyncapi generate models <language> ./asyncapi.json

> ```

Reviewer: You should add information here how to install AsyncAPI CLI - link to CLI repo to `Installation` section should be enough :)

Author: Makes sense 👍
